# ShadowDimension2022

A fantasy role-playing game called ShadowDimension using the Java programming language.

## Game Overview

“A dark evil has arrived in your hometown. A group of government scientists have opened a gate in their laboratory to another dimension called the Over Under. The Over Under is ruled by Navec (an evil creature of immense power) and his henchmen are called demons. The scientists thought they could control these creatures but alas they failed and are being held captive in the Over Under. Navec has created sinkholes that will destroy the lab and is planning on eventually destroying your world.
The player’s name is Fae, the daughter of one of the scientists. In order to save your father and your town, you need to avoid the sinkholes, find the gate in the lab and defeat Navec & his demons in the Over Under...”
The game features two levels : Level 0 is in the lab and Level 1 is in the Over Under. In Level 0, the player will be able to control Fae who has to move around the walls and avoid any sinkholes that are in the lab. If the player falls into a sinkhole, the player will lose health points. To finish the level, the player has to get to the gate, located in the bottom right of the window. If the player’s health reduces to 0, the game ends. You have already implemented Level 0 in Project 1 (the only change required is to the winning message screen which is explained later).
When the player finishes Level 0, Level 1 starts - Fae is now in the Over Under. To win the level and the game, the player must fight and defeat Navec. However, the player has to deal with more sinkholes and demons too. The player can cause damage to the demons and Navec when the player presses a certain key. Likewise, the demons and Navec can cause damage to the player. The player will also have to move around trees (they don’t cause any damage like the walls in Level 0).
Level 1 will also give the player the opportunity to change the timescale so that the difficulty of the game can be changed. Pressing a certain key will increase/decrease the speed of the demons and Navec (this is explained in more detail later). Like in Level 0, the game will end if the player’s health reduces to 0 or less.